# File Naming Convention and Folder Structure

## .gitignore File
 There will probably already by an existing gitignore file, if so, just add this code to it.

```
# Frontend Specific and Package Installs from NPM/Bundle/Bower
UI/bower_components
UI/node_modules
UI/ruby_gems
UI/.bundle
UI/.sass-cache
*.sublime-project
*.sublime-workspace
```

## Base Theme Structure
Your project’s `theme` folder should contain the following `folders` and `files`:

* `contrib`
  * All downloaded community contrib Drupal themes
* `custom`
  * This folder will contain all custom themes for the website and should have the following folder and file structure and naming conventions:
  * `cmm_torsion`
    * `css`
      * `dist`
        * This folder should remain untouched as it will contain the compiled styling generated by Gulp.
      * `src`
        * This folder will contain the following scss folder and file structure that will be watched and compiled into the `css/dist` folder by Gulp.
        * `base`
          * _common.scss
          * _drupal.scss
          * _mixins.scss
          * _print.scss
          * _settings.scss
        * `components`
          * This folder will contain all scss files that relate to small portions of the site. Ex:
            * `_PAGE-NAME--COMPONENT-NAME.scss`
          * `layout`
            * This folder will contain all scss files that apply to specific ‘physical’ sections of the page. Ex:
              * `_site-footer.scss, _site-header.scss, _main.scss,` etc..
            * `vendor`
              * This folder will contain all scss files required by plugins and should rarely be touched.
            * `ckeditor.scss`
              * Specific styles to use for the editor.
            * `styles.scss`
              * Your main stylesheet -- contains `@import` and `@include` statements as needed (includes all your separate components)
       * `vendor`
         * This folder will contain any css/scss files required by plugins and should rarely be touched.
    * `js`
      * `dist`
        * This folder should remain untouched as it will contain the compiled js from /js/src generated by Gulp.
        * `components`
          * This folder should remain untouched as it will contain the compiled js from `/js/src/components` generated by Gulp.
      * `src`
        * This folder will contain your js files that pertain to the whole website and will be watched and compiled into /js/dist by Gulp.
      * `vendor`
        * This folder will contain any js files required by plugins and should rarely be touched. As much as possible please use bower to include your JS.  Then in your Gulpfile, setup the `copy` section to copy the required js from the bower install, to this folder.
    * `templates`
      * This folder will contain other template folders that are specific to certain aspects of the site. (Ex: paragraph, block, node, view, etc.)

The `UI` folder in the `root` drupal folder should contain the following files:
* `UI`
  * bower.json
  * gulpfile.js
  * package.json

### Drupal `8` Specific Files
The following files should be contained inside of the `cmm_torsion` theme folder:
* theme-settings.php
* cmm_torsion.breakpoints.yml
* cmm_torsion.info.yml
* cmm_torsion.libraries.yml
* cmm_torsion.theme

### Drupal `7` Specific Files
The following files should be contained inside of the `cmm_torsion` theme folder:
* cmm_torsion.info
* template.php
* theme-functions.php
* theme-settings.php


